﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿# Map-DevThe last few attempts with Ionic 2 weren't working and were pissing me off. So I destroyed them and replaced them with an older form. It works.## ContributingAll of the base code that the app needs is in `www/donotedit.js`, as the name suggests **DO NOT EDIT IT!!** I cannot stress that enough. Here are some basic guidelines* Any code that needs to be written should be written in `www/app.js`.* Custom scripts should be in `www/myscripts/`* Custom script tags should be placed under the `<!--**CUSTOM SCRIPT TAGS HERE**-->`* Always work on new features in a separate [branch](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v1/Git-Branching-What-a-Branch-Is)* Do not work on the `master` branch... it should be left clean and working for other features to be developed without conflict## TO-DOsI left a bunch of shit not done because I got sick of working. I wrote down implicit instructions/recommended-steps that I would have done anyways in [Projects](https://github.com/HIQUALITYSTARTUPAFLIT/Map-Dev/projects). ## Usage### Git-ing#### 1. CloningTo get this repo down, type the following into your commandline```$ cd {Where ever you want to work from} <-- Optional$ git clone https://github.com/HIQUALITYSTARTUPAFLIT/Map-Dev.git```#### 2. CommittingCommiting saves the state of any files specified in a thing called a commit. They can be preformed in a terminal at the repo location as follows:```$ git commit . -m "Commits any file with changes"$ git commit nameofsome.file -m "Commits a single file"$ git commit name/of/file.somewhereelse -m "Commits a file somewhere the terminal isn't"$ git commit file1.file file2.file -m "Commits multiple files"```#### 3. Branches and workflowsThe `master` branch should be kept clean of active work. This makes it easier to add new things. Whenever you want to start something new, make a branch:```# Defines the start of the branch$ git checkout [COMMIT ID, looks like random numbers and letters] $ git checkout -b [New branch name]# Lists all branches$ git branch ```#### 4. Pushing and pullingSince we're working in a team (as I forgot, sorry) we're gonna be sharing code. There are only two commands we need, `git pull` and `git push`. ```# Downloads updates from GitHubgit pull# Uploads your changesgit push```When `git push`ing you have to `git pull` first. Sometimes somebody else made changes to the same file in the same place as you did. This will cause a conflict that needs to be resolved by deleting one of the changes made in the file. Or you can take the easy way out:```# Keeps your work but trashed GitHub's workgit pull --force --strategy-option ours# Replaces your work with GitHub's workgit pull --force --strategy-option theirs```### CodingThe one big feature I implemented that we need is how to add markers to the map. This feature only works in scripts referenced under `<!--**CUSTOM SCRIPT TAGS HERE**-->`.```// Current values represent defaults for if you don't specify them// Returns the marker objectplaceMarker({	lat: 0,	long: 0,	title: "",	icon: {		url: "",		size: {            x: 32,           	y: 32		}```## IssuesIf you have any problems, please open a new [issue](https://github.com/HIQUALITYSTARTUPAFLIT/Map-Dev/issues) so that we can handle it like pros.